Update Code Analysis overview & setup documentation (#24290)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/static_analysis/_index.md

{{< partial name="code_analysis/languages-getting-started.html" >}}

> Set up Datadog Static Analysis in-app [here][1], or follow [setup documentation here][9].
> 
> </br> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</br> 

To get started, you can set up Static Analysis on the [**Code Analysis** page][1] or see the [Setup documentation][9].
```

[5]: /code_analysis/static_analysis/setup#add-a-static-analysis-yaml-file-to-your-project
[6]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel_case
[7]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snake_case

> [8]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/code_analysis/static_analysis/setup/#add-a-static-analysis-yaml-file-to-your-project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[8]: /code_analysis/static_analysis/setup/#add-a-static-analysis-yaml-file-to-your-project
```
